https://github.com/lydiahallie/javascript-questions
https://codeburst.io/clearing-your-front-end-job-interview-javascript-d5ec896adda4
https://github.com/DopplerHQ/awesome-interview-questions

Js PsDs
https://github.com/trekhleb/javascript-algorithms

// 67

# Notes:

- All object keys are string (except Symbol)
- With "use strict", you can make sure that you don't accidentally declare global variables.
- eval evaluates codes that's passed as a string.
- If you have two keys with the same name, the key will be replaced. It will still be in its first position, but with the last specified value.
- The JavaScript global execution context creates two things for you: the global object, and the "this" keyword. (26)
- Primitive strings are automatically converted into a string object, generated by the string prototype function. So, all strings (string objects) have access to that method!
- when we stringify an object, it becomes "[object Object]"
- The deepest nested element that caused the event is the target of the event. You can stop bubbling by event.stopPropagation
- During event propagation, there are 3 phases: capturing, target, and bubbling. By default, event handlers are executed in the bubbling phase
- Function constructors, like new Number and new Boolean are truthy. // new Boolean(false) is truthy
- There are 8 falsy values
- A string is an iterable. The spread operator maps every character of an iterable to one element.
- When we don’t return a value from the function, the function returns undefined
- Temporal Dead Zone (es6)
- An imported module is read-only: you cannot modify the imported module. Only the module that exports them can change its value.
- The value of the accumulator is equal to the previously returned value of the callback function. If you don't pass the optional initialValue argument to the reduce method, the accumulator is equal to the first element on the first call (and curr value is equal to 2nd element I think).
- With the import keyword, all imported modules are pre-parsed. This means that the imported modules get run first, the code in the file which imports the module gets executed after.

## Revisit:

- 8 (static in class)
- 13, 31, 32 (event propagation)
- 17 (template literals)
- 22 (sessionStorage)
- 24, 56 (Set)
- 40 - [1].concat([]) is not [1,[]]???
- 44 (generator)
- 45 (Promise.race)
- 46, 50, 54, 58 Tricky and Nice!
- 49 (parseInt, radix)
- 65 (BEST explanation of reducer!)
- 66 class extend
- 68 (wrapper)

## Somewhat:

- 19 (… in arguments)
- 23 (multiple var with same variable)
- 28 (IIFE and scoping and (x=1),(y=2))
- 52 (throw error)
- 57, 67 (import)
- 61 (defineProperty)
